hi my name is ello founder of the London
Motor Museum situated in Hayes Middlesex
I'm going to show around the collection
of cars I've got here my earliest memory
of motoring was actually something I
don't remember at all I was told later
on when we grew up this car behind us
this 1969 Citroen DS palace was the very
first car I ever rode in so when I kind
of started collecting cars my father
said you know what you should actually
collect the very first car you ever
drove in which is a problem II was about
two or three days old and I was
transported from the hospital to the
house and this car well you have the
London Motor Museum if you want cars
with famous celebrity owners we have
them this used to belong to 50 cent of
all people it was used in the video and
with the the game video this is how we
do Lamborghini doors on an Escalade low
Prost that was the car this used to
belong to us you see on the registration
Kabul Eunice Kabul Tottenham FC it was
his car when he first signed a Tottenham
now not brought it back over there used
to be Kristen bus car down here you have
Djibril cissé Szold car which was
completely customized one-off back in
2005 but the cream of the cream of all
cars at this two cars this is to be J
Lo's car used in the video love don't
cost a thing and here we have Tyrese
Gibson star of obviously Fast & Furious
series and a few other TV films like
transformers so we do have a lot of
celebrity cars we want to try and be the
equivalent of Madame Tussaud but with
the cars so people have pictures taken
with all the celebrity cars and
sometimes we allow people to sit in this
costume one of the craziest cars in my
collection is this 1974 Chrysler
Imperial
which I have which used to belong to the
Shah of Iran
for the most expensive car I've ever
purchased is this little baby here this
is the SSC which stands for Shelby
supercar ultimate arrow Vinnie number
zero zero one this is the car that broke
the world's record for the fastest
production car in 2007 to 2010
I just called my wife and I said I'm
gonna buy this car and it's called
Shelby supercar and the first thing she
asked me was how much and when I told
her the price I'm hundred twenty
thousand she's a well one of my most
amazing achievements it's actually put
together this room which is actually a
50s room and why the 50s because the 50s
was the moment and the time of
possibilities a 50s car was always more
or less space-age and the Americans did
it the best and you have these type of
cars Casa were actually designed led not
manufacture led it was not necessarily
how much it costs to build a car there
was design conscious I mean he took them
years to develop these wings these are
the famous catalog wings of the 1959
Cadillac with the rocket light to the
back inspired by the Space Age well
forget the e-type forget the gt40 forget
all the other cars I've got in here the
one car that would absolutely stop
everybody on their tracks when I'm
driving is this bad boy right here this
is the UTV four of them have been built
it was actually commissioned to be the
car in the movie I Robot before howdy
came in bored and said hey that looks
like an Audi r8 and we're developing an
Audi r8 can we just put audio rates in
there and then actually I already paid
the movie house to put audio rates as a
product placement item regrets I have a
whole bunch of regrets
I once owned a mirror I bought it for
32,000 pounds and needed a lot of work
the car was a bit rusty but it was all
that sold it to a Swedish guy for 38,000
pounds and I thought I did really well
and today had I restored them your other
than restoring one of these other cars
I've been looking down the profit of
approximately half a million pounds and
I never took that just thought yeah okay
I'll get another one and I solve it and
never found one so the newer is one of
the biggest regrets I've ever had in my
years of collecting cars
I've spent a absolute fortune the thing
about it at 10 I try not to think about
it because if I think about it it kind
of disheartens you but the collection is
worth 8.3 million in the future when I
when I when this old dream is ended in
and maybe the museum is moved on and
it's no longer mine I would like to keep
seven cars and I call them the
Magnificent Seven and then that seven
cars I've got five of them here so two
are lacking and the two that are lacking
it's actually the SLR Goldwing SLR and
in europe so if anybody's out there with
a cheap neurochip 300sl Gullwing or
wanted to be as very friendly to donate
one to the museum for a lifetime
membership will very gladly accept thank
you